yeah hey you like in my hair I'm trying
to get my afro uh well I'd give it a
minute nothing that i don't like it and
say oh oh you shouldn't do that said I'm
going to figure this out how I like it
okay so i'm going to use the nubian
heritage blackened wait honey and black
seed seed heat protectant spray keratin
spring and all i'm going to spritz are
my roots because i'm not going to i'm
not going to blow dry my ends at all and
basically what I'm doing is stretching
this from from I guess you know right
here I'm going to get maximum stretch
and my hair didn't fully dry that's why
I'm doing this for my braids out it
didn't fully dry I'm going to take each
section that my hair was plotted into
and just take it and stretch it put this
on warm only
that's it and that was it on warm so let
me see if it made a difference it made a
huge difference it's laying down a
little bit more now normally I don't
mind the the shrinkage the only thing is
when my hair is still damp what's going
to happen is once I leave out I have no
control of it it's going to rise
because it's still got moisture in there
now I'm in control of it because i have
put what moisture i want to put in there
with my deep conditioning yesterday and
now putting a heat protectant and i'm
going to get rid of the excess moisture
that's going to cause me as well
okay I don't have much time i have about
10 minutes that I can dedicate to this
and just to show you that it doesn't
take much time because it's already pre
parted into the sections that that I
used to do my braids
now i open it every so often just to get
the heat all up in the middle the trick
to this is you have to get all of the
moisture out whatever moisture is left
in there is going to swell the hair once
it is drawn to the humidity outside so
you do have to pay fine attention to
getting into the you know the bushy area
and getting all the moisture out
well three things actually this is
stretching my hair getting rid of the
extra moisture and laying it down laying
it down otherwise my hair would stay you
know fuller and that's a different look
but I did kind of want some some length
and for it to lay down this morning and
because it doesn't take me much time I'm
going to do this so I'll be back with
the finished product which I've messed
up with this morning because I didn't
port it right nitride apart it after
once I took down the Platts and that was
that was whacked out because it was a
bunch of fruit and what I love about
doing this is that I do not touch the
ends of my hair just definitely
something that I do not like putting
heat on so I like that I don't have to
do that I'm really just stretching up
here and it gets the job done as far as
filling it out and getting some length
and this sets the pace for the week
because that eliminates day one of you
know having to stretch if that's the
look that you're going for for the week
i love that i do it on warm
I keep that on my hand all morning